**Added:** None

**Changed:**

* The `ASTYLE_ONLY` Travis variable has been replaced with a `HOUSEKEEPING_ONLY`
  variable. If this variable is on, DAGMC will not be built and it will instead
  only perform 3 housekeeping checks:
  * News file: the CI will fail if a news file with the correct filename is not
    included.
  * Astyle: the version of astyle we use on the CI has been upgraded to 3.1.
    This is the version that is default on Ubuntu 18.04.
  * Documentation: the CI will now attempt to build the DAGMC documentation and
    will fail if it finds any errors or warnings.
* The dockerfile has been modified so that it can be built with both Ubuntu
  16.04 and 18.04.
* The docker images have been moved from the cnerg dockerhub organization to the
  svalinn organization.
* The new build matrix for the non-housekeeping run is 2x2x2:
  * Ubuntu 16.04 vs. 18.04
  * gcc vs. clang
    * gcc-5.3 on 16.04; gcc-7.3 on 18.04
    * clang-3.8 on 16.04; clang-6.0 on 18.04
  * MOAB 5.1.0 vs. master vs. develop
* The builds that use MOAB master and develop are allowed to fail without the
  entire CI failing. The CI will show as having passed once the housekeeping
  build and the four MOAB 5.1.0 builds have passed.
* The CI will only build against MOAB master and develop during non-pull request
  builds; i.e. only during push builds and nightlies
* MOAB 5.1.0 is now included in the docker image so it does not need to be built
  every time the CI is run.
  * This is to save time, since we expect that previous versions of MOAB will
    not change. If it does change, we can update the Docker images.
  * MOAB master is still built every time it is needed.
* MOAB is now built with pymoab support. This is for future-proofing in case
  DAGMC ever needs access to this functionality.
* MOAB is now built against both custom-built HDF5 (1.10.4, up from 1.8.13) and
  against system HDF5.
  * The MOAB built against system HDF5 is currently unused, however, as there is
    currently a bug that makes it so DAGMC cannot build static executables if
    using system HDF5. If/when this bug is fixed, then building DAGMC with
    system HDF5 can be added to the build matrix.
* Geant4 has been upgraded to version 10.5.
* Building the documentation will throw an error if it encounters any warnings
  or errors. The previous warnings and errors that were occurring have been
  fixed.

**Deprecated:** None

**Removed:** None

**Fixed:**

* The `make_watertight_regression_tests` should now be run if the CI is not
  doing a PR build.
  * I believe this was broken for an undetermined amount of time; I do not
    believe they were ever getting run regardless of whether the CI was doing a
    PR build or not. This is because intrinsic Travis variables like
    `$TRAVIS_PULL_REQUEST` are only available to `.travis.yml`; if they are
    needed in other scripts, they need to be passed manually, and this was not
    happening before.

**Security:** None
