**Added:**

* Default to a Release build. This results in optimization flags being used
  everywhere as appropriate.
    * Note that MCNP is still configured to use no more than ``-O1``.
* Add macros to ``cmake/DAGMC_macros.cmake``. This results in much less
  duplicated cmake elsewhere. The following macros were added:
    * ``dagmc_setup_build``: Sets core variables used throughout the rest of the
      project.
    * ``dagmc_setup_options``: Defines cmake build options.
    * ``dagmc_setup_flags``: Defines compiler flags.
    * ``dagmc_get_link_libs``: Used by the ``dagmc_install_X`` macros to
      determine the names of the libraries that need to be linked.
    * ``dagmc_make_configure_file``: Setup the ``DAGMCConfig.cmake`` file.
    * ``dagmc_install_library``: Install a library.
    * ``dagmc_install_exe``: Install an executable.
    * ``dagmc_install_test``: Install a unit test.
    * ``dagmc_install_test_file``: Install a file needed for unit testing.
* Add a ``FindFluka.cmake`` file to find the Fluka library.
* Add ``RPATH`` functionality so that all executables and libraries
  automatically know where their dependencies are located. This removes the need
  for users to add anything to their ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``. This can be turned off
  by setting ``-DBUILD_RPATH=OFF``.
* Add ability to build with position-independent code (PIC). This can be turned
  on by setting ``-DBUILD_PIC=ON``.
* Add options to enable/disable building all optional functionality. The
  following options were added:
    * ``BUILD_BUILD_OBB``
    * ``BUILD_MAKE_WATERTIGHT``
    * ``BUILD_TESTS``

**Changed:**

* Change pretty much every ``CMakeLists.txt`` file in the entire repo to use the
  new macros. Almost all the cmake files got much shorter because of this
  change.
* Change how we find HDF5. Previously, HDF5 was required to be in users'
  ``$PATH``. Now, the location of HDF5 is determined automatically by reading
  variables from ``MOABConfig.cmake``.
* Change how we find MOAB. Previously, MOAB was required to be in users'
  ``$LD_LIBRARY_PATH``. Now, users must specify ``-DMOAB_DIR`` when running
  cmake.
    * Note that the ``MOABConfig.cmake`` file is no longer used to find any MOAB
      files.
* Since users no longer need to change their ``$PATH`` or ``$LD_LIBRARY_PATH``,
  remove the changes to those variables in the CI scripts.
* Rename the cmake commands used to build DAG-MCNP5/6 with plotting and MPI
  support. The new commands are ``BUILD_MCNP_PLOT`` and ``BUILD_MCNP_MPI``.
* Rename the cmake command used to build static executables from
  ``BUILD_STATIC`` to ``BUILD_STATIC_EXE``. The old name was confusing because
  the option only controls the linking of executables, while libraries are
  always built both static and dynamic.
* Rename the ``test`` folders in ``src/dagmc`` and ``src/mcnp`` to ``tests`` to
  conform with other unit test directories.
* Move the source files for the make_watertight and uwuw_preproc executables
  into a new ``build`` directory, keeping the source files for the library where
  they are. This conforms with other DAGMC features that have both a library and
  an executable.
* Replace the mcnpfuncs internal library with an object library.
* For the pyne_dagmc library, only use ``-O0`` optimzation when building with
  Intel C++.
* Update documentation to reflect all changes.

**Deprecated:** None

**Removed:**

* Remove the ``FindHDF5.cmake`` file as it is no longer needed.

**Fixed:** None

**Security:** None
